Let me report the games versus one player called "orz_optimal":
1. On spiral versus another bot, they quickly took control of the center while we were moving between two hills on the bottom side of the map. We approached the middle only after they took control of the middle hill and we got collided into.
2. In disjoint map, we aggressively rushed hills and won via. domination because we took over hills very quickly.
3. It did what it was supposed to do on the complex, but it looked like it would pathfind towards the closer middle hill, but it made a turn before reaching it and went towards one of the 9x9 hills, which may be a questionable opening. Nevertheless, we took all the hills on the left side of the map, recaptured the middle, and won by colliding with the opponent who was coming back to the middle.
4. In test_map, we take full control of our spawn hill, move to the left hill WITHOUT painting on the way, and capture that hill. The reason why we didn't get collided with this risky move in such a small map is because the opponent was thankfully going to the right side of the map. If the opponent moved up in the start, they could have easily collided with us and killed us. This should be addressed. Nevertheless, we continued counterclockwise and captured their spawn hill, and then one part of the rightside hill to win via. domination.
5. Same map, but the opponent comes straight at us before we can finish fully painting our spawn, so the bot does a good job at not making a risky move and evades collision. while the opponent is trying to take our hill, we are taking other hills and eventually win via. domination.
6. Similar to game 1, we are on spiral. Our current strategy on this map is not good. The opponent quickly takes control of the middle, advances towards us, and we are in a back and forth movement for around 800 turns until opponent moves away to capture our hill and we take an unclaimed hill on the other side of the map. This gives the opponent time to take the center back enough to win by domination. We lost this game.
7. On matrix, we go around capturing hills like usual. Opponent for some reason comes straight for us in the beginning and almost follows our path as we take hills. After we reach the middle, the opponent goes on to try to take hills in the bottom left quadrant of the map while we take the center, top, right, and part of their home hill to win via. domination.
8. In Maze, we take the two top hills first while painting the path  single layered. After, we head to the right-side center hill and capture that one quickly, then path towards the bottom left hill to capture that. The opponent skipped capturing their bottom right to get the left center hill, but when approaching us after we recaptured the bottom left hill, we won via. collision.
9. Another short game of spiral. We of course used the strange strategy in previous games and this time, after taking the bottom right hill, we traverse upwards towards the opponent who just took the center hill, and we somehow kill the opponent with collision when we had no territory and we weren't painting on the way to the center.
10. In Maze, we take a similar strategy in game 8. Except this time, we lose that exchange by collision.

Here is another 10 match summary with a higher ranked player named "waitwhat".
1. Match took place in the temple. We take our hill, take the center, move to the middle right hill take that, take the opponent hill, and win through domination with the middle left hill. One strange thing is that the opponent seemed to be sitting in the center hill and not worrying about moving to other hills afterwards.
2. Match took place in disjoint. We took hills, and won through domination when taking their spawn hill. The opponent bot wasn't seeming to make much progress and was stuck on their second hill for the rest of the game.
3. match took place in test_map. We take our hill, then go straight to their hill. They have done the same and afterwards, went to the middle left hill and then back to reclaim their spawn hill. We were still on that hill and we won with collision.
4. Match took place in big_spiral. We reach the center hill first. However, when the opponent arrived to the center to contest, we end a turn on a neutral cell and we lose to collision.
5. Match took place in temple. Things played out very similar to match 1.
6. Match took place in disjoint. Again opponent was stuck on their second hill and we won with domination.
7. Match took place in maze. after taking the two top hills, we head to the center left hill. So did the opponent, but we took it first. When the opponent was contesting, we were able to win with collision.
8. Match took place in matrix. We went around taking hills, but the opponent was sitting on a single cell hill the whole time and we easily won with domination.
9. Match took place in test_map. Things played out like in match 3, but we lost the collision after erasing a cell in a hill, moving onto it, and the opponent was able to exploit this.
10.Match took place in big_spiral. Same exact thing happened here as in match 4. We step onto a neutral cell, not even on a hill, and die to collision when the opponent was nearby.

Last set of games was against an even higher ranked player called "gig":
1. First match was in disjoint. I take two hills on my side. One interesting thing that the opponent did was take the time to paint the path from my side to his side before going to capture other hills. The opponent clearly is efficient at taking my hills, painting and erasing in the same turns. It even somehow erase 2 cells of 2 layers of paint in one single turn while moving. I spend a fair amount of turns stuck in the top right hill for some reason but move on to pain hills, but gig was much faster at taking hills and won through domination eventually.
2. Second match was in maze. This was a slightly longer game of 609 turns. We were both moving around the whole map taking hills. I noticed that he was much quicker at erasing my hills and painting over it. When I do the same, it's one cell at a time and I don't seem to be taking advantage of multi-moves as much as the opponent. Gig won through domination.
3. Third match was on matrix. WE spend 1100 turns competing over domination. We are continuously cycling over hills and paint over eachothers' hills. We don't end up meeting in close quarters and are focused on domination. In the end, the opponent won through domination.
4. Fourth match is on temple. Again, we are painting over eachothers' hills and opponent wins through domination. We have wasted movements occasionally, I see less from the opponent.
5. Fifth match is in temple again. This time, the opponent wasted turns going for a powerup in the corner of the map after taking the hill, giving me enough turns to win through domination.
6. Sixth match is in disjoint. We capture top left, top left middle, bottom left middle hills quickly. Opponent takes more turns taking top right and bottom right hills, and we somehow with through domination.
7. Seventh match is in big spiral. After briefly meeting in the middle, we pass eachother to go capture more hills from where we came from, and another hill competition to erase opponent paint from hills happened. He won through domination.
8. Eighth match is on maze. We are rushing eachothers' hills, but he is more efficient at reinforcing his hills with 2 layers of paint and moving on quickly. Opponent wins through domination.
9. Ninth match is in maze again. similar thing happened here as in match 8. Opponent wins through domination.
10. Last match is in big spiral. Opponent won through domination again.